Venture outside your comfort zone. The rewards are worth it.
All it takes is faith and trust
A little consideration, a little thought for others, makes all the difference.
Even miracles take a little time.
If you focus on what you left behind, you will never be able to see what lies ahead.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all.
You control your destiny -- you don't need magic to do it. And there are no magical shortcuts to solving your problems.
A true hero isn't measured by the size of his strength, but by the strength of his heart.
Don't just fly, soar.
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun.
Life's not a spectator sport. If watchin' is all you're gonna do, then you're gonna watch your life go by without ya.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
Believe you can, then you will.
Today is a good day to try.
If you don't know where you want to go, then it doesn't matter which path you take.
The things that make me different are the things that make me ME.
It's better to use your head than break your back.
Admit defeat, and defeat will surely admit you into permanent custody.
Listen with your heart, you will understand.
Your identity is your most valuable possession. Protect it.
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.
You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.
If you don't think, then you shouldn't talk.
Our fate lives within us. You only have to be brave enough to see it.
I'm only brave when I have to be. Being brave doesn't mean you go looking for trouble.
Giving up is for rookies.
Always let your conscience be your guide.
I give myself very good advice, but I very seldom follow it.
Happiness is the richest thing we will ever own.
Just because it's what's done, doesn't mean it's what should be done.
Sometimes the right path is not the easiest one.
Change is good.
The only thing predictable about life is its unpredictability.
Remember, you're the one who can fill the world with sunshine.
Do not be followed by its commonplace appearance. Like so many things, it is not what is outside, but what is inside that counts.
Now, think of the happiest things. It's the same as having wings.
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
You’re mad. Bonkers. Off your head… but I’ll tell you a secret… all of the best people are.
Hakuna matata!
Mirror mirror, on the wall… who’s the fairest of them all?
Ohana means family, and family means no one gets left behind or forgotten.
If you can’t say something nice, don’t say nothin’ at all.
To laugh at yourself is to love yourself.
